Update README.md (#34)
google/atheris: README.md

that with the following command:

```
python3 -m coverage run your_fuzzer.py corpus_dir/* -atheris_runs=$(( 1 + $(ls corpus_dir | wc -l) ))
```

This will cause Atheris to run on each file in `<corpus-dir>`, then exit.

> Note: atheris use empty data first time even the file absences in corpus_dir.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: atheris use empty data set as the first input even if there is no empty file in corpus_dir.
```

> Note: atheris use empty data set as the first input even if there is no empty file in corpus_dir.

Author: ```suggestion
Note: atheris use empty data set as the first input even if there is no empty file in `<corpus_dir>`.
```
